chore: refresh the README (#148)
devfile/docs: README.md

## Contributing

> The repository has many versions of the documentation. Therefore, be sure to change and test the version of the documentation for your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository has many versions of the documentation. Therefore, ensure you test the version of the documentation for your contribution.
```

- For the newest version, use the `master` branch.

> - For a earlier version, use the `v<n>.<m>.x` branch where `n` is the major version of the release, and `m` is the minor version. For example, `v2.0.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For na earlier version, use the `v<n>.<m>.x` branch where `n` is the major version of the release, and `m` is the minor version. For example, `v2.0.x`.
```

> - Be sure when merging any changes for a earlier release to merge into the correct branch and not `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When merging any changes for an earlier release, merge into the correct branch and not `master`.
```

Build is the same for each branch. 

### Building and testing the documentation on a local environment

On a local environment, use the same container and tools that all GitHub workflows use to:

1. Generate the API reference HTML single-sourced from the API repository.
2. Generate the static Antora website in the `build` directory (including all in `v2.*` branches).

> 3. Start a preview server listening on http://0.0.0.0:4000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start a preview server listening at http://0.0.0.0:4000.
```

3. Validate the language on changed files.
4. Validate the internal and external links.
5. Validate the shell scripts.

#### Prerequisites

> * The Podman or Docker tool is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `podman` or `docker` tool is available.
```

#### Procedure

1. From the root of this repository, run:

```bash
$ git fetch --all
$ ./tools/runnerpreview.sh
```

2. Watch the output for alert messages about language usage, broken links or errors in shell scripts. 

> 3. Browse the results in the preview server on http://0.0.0.0:4000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Browse the results in the preview server at http://0.0.0.0:4000.
```

### Testing the content of a pull request

> * Navigate the preview links visible in the pull requests comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the preview links visible in the pull requests comment.
```

# Issue tracking repository

> https://github.com/devfile/api with label `area/documentation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/devfile/api with the `area/documentation` label.
```

# Release process

Each release, create a Git release, tag, and branch. The tag marks the initial release documentation.

> The publication uses the branch. Add post release updates to the branch. Further release work continues on the `master` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The publication uses the branch. Add post-release updates to the branch. Further release work continues on the `master` branch.
```

To enable this, follow the following release process:

## Creating a release branch

Create a branch specific to the release version. For example, if the release version is 2.0.0:

1. Prior to this process, update the API repository to copy a final version of the schema to a directory for that version. For example:
   `docs/modules/user-guide/attachments/jsonschemas/2.0.0/devfile.json`
1. Create the branch for the tag:
   ```bash
   git fetch --all
   git checkout -b v2.0.x v2.0.0`
   ```

> 1. Edit the `docs/antora.yaml` file to set `prod-ver`, `version`, and `prerelease`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `docs/antora.yaml` file to set the `prod-ver`, `version`, and `prerelease` attributes: 
```

Now the master branch can be updated for the next release and to link the previous release docs
from the newly created `v.2.0.x` branch.

> 1. Modify 'docs/antora.yaml' to set the correct `version` and `prod-ver`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify 'docs/antora.yaml' to set the correct `version` and `prod-ver` values. For example:
```
